As a father, I never expected this to happen to my family.
One day, my son came home from work and told me that he had committed his sin.
I asked him if it was serious and he said that it was.
When my son confessed, I felt incredibly sad.
This deep pain, because I really wasn't expecting this from him.
I was very aware that the greatest love we should have should be for Jehovah.
And that gave me the strength to encourage him to seek spiritual assistance.
I said that the wise thing for him to do would be to seek Jehovah's help through the elders, to talk to them about it.
Regardless of what would happen to my privileges.
I knew there would be other consequences.
I knew that no matter what, this was going to hurt my family.
Later, I regained my privileges.
As a father, I'm extremely happy to see my son serving Jehovah wholeheartedly alongside his wife, who's a pioneer.
What matters most for us, as humans, is to make Jehovah's heart rejoice.
And we've been richly blessed, and that means that all we went through was worthy effort.
We're happy. We're glad to be serving Jehovah, and he has blessed us with wonderful privileges of service.
As elders, we need to be courageous to stand up to difficult situations, knowing what is right.
We know that Jehovah is aware, and that he sees everything.
We need to protect Jehovah's name, which is so important because of Satan's challenge against it.